# Artify

This is a Art gallery application.
The Images and their corresponding data where fetched through an API called Unsplash API.
It uses different parameters and a unique client Id to fetch data from their servers.

## **Please Do Note**:  Only 50 requests can be made in an hour. So incase the application doesn't respond come back an hour later and revisit.

Please access the application using the link provided.
Incase you feel like going through the HTML, CSS and JavaScript files, here is a detailed Insight to all the files.

```src/index.html```: This is the root HTML document. It holds the outline for the homepage of the application. The homepage holds an array of random images uploaded on the Internet. To know about the image, you can double click to get the details.

```src/Favourites.html```: This file contains the outline for the favourites page. All the photos liked by the user gets populated here. To remove an image from this page, one can dislike it.

```src/Animals.html```: This file contains the outline for the animals page. This page exhibits the images captured by wildlife photographers. You can double click on any image to see who the uploader is.

```src/nature.html```: This file contains the outline for the animals page. This page exhibits the images of Mother Nature. You can double click on any image to see who the uploader is.

```src/Sports.html```: This file contains the outline for the animals page. This page exhibits the moments captured during any athletic events. You can double click on any image to see who the uploader is.

```src/js.index.js```: This is the main Javascript file. This file is used to fetch images and populate the **Home** page

```src/js/animals.js```: This javascript file is used to fetch images of animals.

```src/js/nature.js```: This javascript file is used to fetch images of nature.

```src/js/sports.js```: This javascript file is used to fetch images of sports.

```src/js/like.js```: This javascript file is used to respond incase someone likes a picture, by clicking on the heart button and also to save the data in the localStorage. This file is accessed by all html files except ```src/Favourites.js```

```src/js/fetchlocal.js```: This file is used to fetch the data stored inside the localStorage and populate the **Favourites** page.

```src/js/dislike.js```: This file is used to remove the pictures that are disliked in the **Favourites** page. This also removes the corresponding data from the local storage.
























## **KnowledgeHut upGrad | JavaScript Starter Template 2.0**

This is the new version of the create-js-app that incorporates the Vite development tool instead of the Parcel bundler as used in v1.0 of this utility. Vite (https://vitejs.dev) brings tremendous performance boost to the development environment.

A sample application has been made available in the src folder which you can edit as needed. 

- ```src/index.html``` : This is the root HTML document
- ```src/js/index.js```: This is the main JavaScript file which is imported into the HTML document. You can directly start building the application here. When you open this file, you will see some code present already. More on this below.
- ```src/css/style.css```: This is the main stylesheet. Feel free to edit its contents.
- ```src/api```: This folder contains scripts that provide a simulated backend that you can use in development, if needed. This is powered by Mock Service Worker (https://mswjs.io). If you're building data/remote API based apps, you can use this utility to simulate an API without actually building one during development. 
  - ```src/api/browser.js```: Please do not edit this file. It enables the use of Mock Service Worker.
  - ```src/api/routes.js```: This file may be edited to incorporate custom API routes for Mock Server Worker. By default, a root route (/) that returns a text message as a JSON object is present. You can learn more about MSW and how to define your own custom API routes for development by visiting https://mswjs.io/docs/

- ```src/public```: This folder contains the MSW utility file (mockServiceWorker.js) which should not be edited/removed. Any files you place in this folder can be directly accessed in your HTML document. Use this for placing static assets such as images. 

**Instructions**

- **Development** : Run `npm run dev` - This will start the development server and open the app in the default browser. You can then work with the files in the src/ folder and can see instant updates in the browser.
  
- **Production Build**: Run `npm run build` - This will produce a build edition that you can then deploy on the cloud/host on a static file service such as GitHub pages or surge.sh.  We recommend trying https://surge.sh for deploying static apps. Please note that the build also copies down the mockServiceWorker.js file into the dist folder. You can safely remove this file from the dist folder before deploying your app.
